Hi.
Welcome back.
And in this lesson we're going to talk about code base indexing.
Code base indexing is a native feature that's supported by cursor, which will basically index all of
your individual files and create a numerical representation of what that file is.
It will then use Reranking algorithms to basically pull back relevant code that is relevant to your
query or your asking question inside of cursor.
This helps cursor produce better code generation, and you can have a look at this feature by going
into cursor and looking at the settings.
Let's have a look at how to do that.
Now firstly, go up to the top left and then go into Cursor settings.
And then from Cursor settings.
What we're then going to do is go to the beaches and we'll have a look at code base indexing.
And you can see it's using these embeddings to improve your code base wide answers.
All code is stored locally.
You can even resync the index by clicking this.
You can also have a look at settings and you can see these are the ignore files as well.
And index new folders by default.
And you can configure the ignored files with a cursor ignore file as well so you can add specific different
files to your cursor.
Ignore.
And that will mean that those files are not picked up by code base indexing.
Now what types of files might you want to do?
You might want to exclude packages, for example in a specifically NodeJS or JavaScript or TypeScript
environments.
You'll definitely want to exclude the node modules folder as this would bloat your code base indexing.
Let's have a look at how we can also do that.
You'll see that I've opted to use the.
Gitignore file, and I've added the node modules to the top of my file.
I've also got a bunch of individual.
You'll also see that I've got a bunch of individual different types of files or folders which need to
be excluded for Python.
Now why can we put this inside of the.
Gitignore and how does this work?
If you have a look at Cursor's documentation, if you have any large content files, you can ignore
those files.
So you can either use a cursor, ignore file or by default cursor will ignore all of the same files
inside of your.
Gitignore.
So if you already have a gitignore, then you're all good for setting up code base indexing appropriately.
All right.
Cool I'll see you in the next one.